feat: add filter support for qdrant document store (#652)
jina-ai/docarray: docs/advanced/document-store/qdrant.md

        'host': 'localhost',
        'port': '6333',
        'n_dim': 10,

>         'distance': "cosine",

Reviewer: Does the user have to specify distance ?

Reviewer: okay it's fine let's keep this here, but distance should be removed for the pure filtering example

Author: No, users don't need to specify the distance here, I put the distance here just to show that we can support configuring with distance this feature, I can remove it here.

Consider Documents with embeddings `[0,0,0]` up to ` [9,9,9]` where the document with embedding `[i,i,i]`
has as tag `price` with value `i`. We can create such example with the following code:

> ```pyt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

```

Consider we want the nearest vectors to the embedding `[8. 8. 8.]`, with the restriction that

> prices must follow a filter. As an example, retrieved Documents must have `price` value lower

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
prices must follow a filter. As an example, retrieved Documents must have `price` value lower than
```

> prices must follow a filter. As an example, let's consider that retrieved Documents must have `price` value lower

Reviewer 2: this does not have a fix proposed by @alexcg1

Author: If you are talking about the change from "documents" to "Documents", I think I have already changed that, sorry here, I have checked several times, but my version looks the same as the one Alex proposed.

Consider we want the nearest vectors to the embedding `[8. 8. 8.]`, with the restriction that

> prices must follow a filter. As an example, let's consider that retrieved documents must have `price` value lower

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
prices must follow a filter. As an example, let's consider that retrieved Documents must have `price` value lower
```

> or equal than `max_price`. We can encode this information in qdrant using `filter = {'price': {'$lte': max_price}}`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
or equal to `max_price`. We can encode this information in Qdrant using `filter = {'price': {'$lte': max_price}}`.
```

> Then the search with the proposed filter can be implemented and used with the following code:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Then you can implement and use the search with the proposed filter:
```

	embedding=[5. 5. 5.],	 price=5
	embedding=[4. 4. 4.],	 price=4
```
### Example of `.filter` with a filter

> Consider Documents have tags `price` with value `i`. We can create such example with the following code:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Consider Documents have the tag `price` with a value of `i`. We can create these with the following code:
```

> Consider Documents have the tag `price` with a value of `i`. We can create these with the following code:

Reviewer: I think we should announce the purpose of this section before proceeding with creating documents
@NicholasDunham  what do you think ?

Reviewer 3: I agree, as a reader the purpose isn't clear to me from what's currently here.

Author: Added more announcement

```python
from docarray import Document, DocumentArray
import numpy as np

n_dim = 3

> distance = 'euclidean'

Reviewer: no need for this in the filter example

da = DocumentArray(
    storage='qdrant',

>     config={'n_dim': n_dim, 'columns': {'price': 'float'}, 'distance': distance},

Reviewer: no need for distance

)

print(f'\nDocumentArray distance: {distance}')

with da:
    da.extend(
        [
            Document(id=f'r{i}', embedding=i * np.ones(n_dim), tags={'price': i})
            for i in range(10)
        ]
    )

print('\nIndexed Prices:\n')
for embedding, price in zip(da.embeddings, da[:, 'tags__price']):
    print(f'\tembedding={embedding},\t price={price}')
```

> For example, suppose we want to filter results such that, 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, suppose we want to filter results such that
```

> Consider we want the vectors with the restriction that prices must follow a filter. As an example, 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, suppose we want to filter results such that
```

> let's consider that retrieved documents must have `price` value lower or equal than `max_price`. We can encode 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
retrieved documents must have a `price` value less than or equal to `max_price`. We can encode 
```

> Consider we want the vectors with the restriction that prices must follow a filter. As an example, 
> let's consider that retrieved documents must have `price` value lower or equal than `max_price`. We can encode 
> this information in qdrant using `filter = {'price': {'$lte': max_price}}`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Consider we want the vectors with the restriction that prices must follow a filter. As an example, 
consider that retrieved documents must have a `price` value lower than or equal to `max_price`. We can encode 
this information in qdrant using `filter = {'price': {'$lte': max_price}}`.
```

Reviewer 2: This is not done @dongxiang123

> Then the search with the proposed filter can be implemented and used with the following code:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Then you can implement and use the search with the proposed filter:
```

```python
max_price = 7
n_limit = 4

filter = {'must': [{'key': 'price', 'range': {'lte': max_price}}]}
results = da.filter(filter=filter, limit=n_limit)

print('\nPoints with "price" at most 7:\n')
for embedding, price in zip(results.embeddings, results[:, 'tags__price']):
    print(f'\tembedding={embedding},\t price={price}')
```

> This would print:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This prints:
```
